Today we will make a background removal website using Deepsheek AI. Deepsheek AI is the most advanced chatting AI model till now. The thinking capability of Deepsheek AI makes it the most advanced. And the most important thing is available absolutely free. This video is for learning beginners who want to learn the basics of websites step by step. And also tell you how to use API key in the application . And at the end of this video i will tell you that  how  this application get live on Github,  for that you will keep watching till the end of the video. So without wasting time, let's start.
So first of all open the browser. And  search deepsheek and press enter. After that you have to click on the first link and open it. If you don't have an account on Deepsheek then create one. then you will see  interface like this, you have to search here, "please create full functional background removal with amazing style like BG removal using html css and javascript in same block take the api of the BG removal, the website should look professional and attractive". And press enter
This will take some time because it thinks  about the prompt after that it reply.
Now you can see how I generated such a nice code in just one prompt.

If you are new on this channel then don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel
It took 19 sec to think the prompt.
There you can see how is this thinks about prompt step by step.
Then it provides the code
So first of all create a new folder in your computer.and rename it bg removal.then open the folder. And create a new text file in this folder
Open this text file in notepad. and paste the code in this.
Let's check, Instruction in  Deepsheek  It is written here that replace your remove bg api key with your actual api key.
Let's check the website. Click on this link. now website is open. First of all login the website. Ok, I have to login in website . After login you see this interface. Click on API Keys. Then click on new api key. And click on create API Key. Then API key is created then copy it
Replace the API key in code. And save the file with name index dot html. 
Then open this index file then you see your website is completed. Let's check it working properly or not 
You see that it working properly. Let's make more interactive in website. Go on notepad and replace the code
And check the instruction that given by deepsheek. it not mention that. Let's check the code. Here you see that in the code. Previous html structure remain
Let's ask for give me full code to deepsheek. Wait for  second. Then it provides full code. And also replace the past the API key in this code. And press cantrol s 
After that open browser and reload the page. You see that. What a nice UI design and animation it make.Let's check it's functionality
I have this image let's check it. Wow it's working properly. And the dark mode is also working properly. You can also download the image
Let's check another image. It's working properly. And also you download the image. 
You can see how I make this beautiful fully functional website with writing prompt
Let's upload this project on GitHub. Open new tab and search GitHub dot com
After that go on profile section and click on repositories. Create a new repositories. So click on new and write repository name BG removal and in discrimination Remove background of any image and click on create repository.And wait a second After that you see your repository is created
After that click on upload option to upload the file. You can drag the index file in this section
When your file is uploaded then click on Commit changes And wait a second
After that publish your website live . Click on settings then click on Page .
And click on None and select the main option after that click on save bottom. After that wait sometime.Reload the page
After 10 to 15 second you see that. You see that your link is generate. Let's check it open or not. It is open successfully. Let's check it's functionality. It working properly and you can also download the image. All things is working properly. You can see how you can publish the website live
If you’re learning something new, drop a comment below saying ‘AI Magic! 
And also Subscribe to Code2Tech and hit the bell  icon so you never miss a future tutorial!
Ok see you in the next video, till then "No stress, just progress!"